bpo-39639: remove suite node (#18513)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.9.rst

  defining ``COUNT_ALLOCS`` macro.
  (Contributed by Victor Stinner in :issue:`39489`.)

> * The ``Suite`` node from :mod:`ast` has been removed due to no longer being needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``ast.Suite`` node class has been removed due to no longer being needed.
```

Reviewer: I'm mostly confused by "node". It's not a node, but a class. Maybe just replace "node" with "node class".

Please also update the NEWS entry.

Author: Agreed, `ast.AST` subclasses described as `node classes` in the documentation. Will fix

>   (Contributed by Batuhan Taskaya in :issue:`39639`.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The ``Suite`` node from :mod:`ast` has been removed due to no longer being needed.
  (Contributed by Batuhan Taskaya in :issue:`39639`.)
```
